Security: experimental features note (#15434)
jetty/jetty.project: SECURITY.md

All [active versions](https://jetty.org/download.html) of Jetty are supported for security issues. 
[End-of-life (EOL) versions](https://jetty.org/download.html) of Jetty may be supported for serious security issues or on a [commercial support basis](https://jetty.org/support.html).

## Experimental Features

> Some features of Jetty are considered experimental. Any security issue found in an experimental feature is not considered a security issue but rather a bug. Feel free to report those bugs to the [Jetty issue tracker](https://github.com/eclipse/jetty.project/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jetty may ship experimental features, declared in the javadocs, or in the documentation, or via warning logs at Jetty startup.
Security issues found in experimental features are not considered vulnerabilities, but rather just regular bugs.
Feel free to report them to the [Jetty issue tracker](https://github.com/eclipse/jetty.project/issues).
```

Author: Changed.
